README.md, before:

# Timer - add Timers to temporarily turn on devices

*FKA Then More

This app adds More functionality to the Then... clause of your flows, to be able to turn (dimmed) devices on for a period of time.

## How does it work?
* Create a flow with for example a motion sensor, but basically anything you like as a trigger in the When... clause
* Add a Timer-card to the Then... clause of your flow
  * Select an OnOff device, or scroll to the Dimable device card
  * Enter the amount of seconds to keep the device on
  * You can configure to not activate the device (with the associated off timer), when the device is already on.
  * When you have multiple flows, activating the same device, but with different durations, you can also define to set the duration to the current configured time, even when it's shorter than the time left in the running timer.

When the flow (or another flow with the same device entered in the Timer card) is triggered again, the timer gets reset, and the device is kept on for a longer period of time.

Feel free to add multiple Timer-cards in the same flow, or select the same device in more than one flow via the Timer-cards.

For more info, see: https://community.athom.com/t/timer-v0-4-3-stable-homey-v1-5-0-6-1-beta-homey-v2-fka-then-more-add-timers-to-temporarily-turn-on-devices/3722


## Todo
* Find a away to handle motion started/ended triggers better, since with continious motion, the timer will end sooner than (maybe even before) the last motion.

## Known issues
* Version 0.4.2 does not run on Homey V1.5. This compatibility issue is not defined in the package.json so 0.4.2 is revoked, and replaced by 0.5.0 

## Version 0.7.0 α
Homey V2: 
    - Removed instance caching of API results in app
    - Fixed a bug when filtering on devices, while zone name isn't available anymore
    - TODO: Handle incapable capability
    - TODO: Handle missing reference to previous timer


## Version 0.6.2 β
Homey V2: 
    - fixed selecting devices
    - fixed missing reference to event listener, making the app crash
    - extra cache clear of api, to force update device state
    - updated athom api

## Version 0.6.1 β
Homey V2: fixed settings page could contain timers that where expired

## Version 0.6.0 β
Homey V2: cancel timer when light turned off manually, handle name changes of devices

## Version 0.5.0 β
Homey V2 compatibility: changed api call to change device state

## Version 0.4.1 
added details view on a timer in the settings page

## Version 0.4.0 β
added settings page, to see and cancel running timers

## Version 0.3.1
fixed a bug that prevented timers could get reset

## Version 0.3.0 β
added extra feature on dim card
* restore previous dim level

## Version 0.2.0 β
added 2 extra cards
* condition: is timer running
* action: cancel running timer

## Version 0.1.0 β
initial release



## Final note
The repository can be found at: https://github.com/lvanderree/com.synplyworks.thenmore

If you like the app, consider a donation to support development :beer: 
 
[![Donate][pp-donate-image]][pp-donate-link]

[pp-donate-link]: https://paypal.me/lvanderree
[pp-donate-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg

Commit message:

refactored code to get more consistency, fix for loosing old value, log lost timers, get value of previous capability, instead of set

README.md, after:

# Timer - add Timers to temporarily turn on devices

*FKA Then More

This app adds More functionality to the Then... clause of your flows, to be able to turn (dimmed) devices on for a period of time.

## How does it work?
* Create a flow with for example a motion sensor, but basically anything you like as a trigger in the When... clause
* Add a Timer-card to the Then... clause of your flow
  * Select an OnOff device, or scroll to the Dimable device card
  * Enter the amount of seconds to keep the device on
  * You can configure to not activate the device (with the associated off timer), when the device is already on.
  * When you have multiple flows, activating the same device, but with different durations, you can also define to set the duration to the current configured time, even when it's shorter than the time left in the running timer.

When the flow (or another flow with the same device entered in the Timer card) is triggered again, the timer gets reset, and the device is kept on for a longer period of time.

Feel free to add multiple Timer-cards in the same flow, or select the same device in more than one flow via the Timer-cards.

For more info, see: https://community.athom.com/t/timer-v0-4-3-stable-homey-v1-5-0-6-1-beta-homey-v2-fka-then-more-add-timers-to-temporarily-turn-on-devices/3722


## Todo
* Find a away to handle motion started/ended triggers better, since with continious motion, the timer will end sooner than (maybe even before) the last motion.

## Known issues
* Version 0.4.2 does not run on Homey V1.5. This compatibility issue is not defined in the package.json so 0.4.2 is revoked, and replaced by 0.5.0 

## Version 0.7.1 α
Homey V2: 
    - refactored code to be more consistent
    - Fix retreiving capability value, instead of set
    - Probably fixed an issue, where old capability values got lost
    - Handle missing reference to previous timer, by logging warnings
    - TODO: find out how to get an up to date capability value

## Version 0.7.0 α
Homey V2: 
    - Removed instance caching of API results in app
    - Fixed a bug when filtering on devices, while zone name isn't available anymore

## Version 0.6.2 β
Homey V2: 
    - fixed selecting devices
    - fixed missing reference to event listener, making the app crash
    - extra cache clear of api, to force update device state
    - updated athom api

## Version 0.6.1 β
Homey V2: fixed settings page could contain timers that where expired

## Version 0.6.0 β
Homey V2: cancel timer when light turned off manually, handle name changes of devices

## Version 0.5.0 β
Homey V2 compatibility: changed api call to change device state

## Version 0.4.1 
added details view on a timer in the settings page

## Version 0.4.0 β
added settings page, to see and cancel running timers

## Version 0.3.1
fixed a bug that prevented timers could get reset

## Version 0.3.0 β
added extra feature on dim card
* restore previous dim level

## Version 0.2.0 β
added 2 extra cards
* condition: is timer running
* action: cancel running timer

## Version 0.1.0 β
initial release



## Final note
The repository can be found at: https://github.com/lvanderree/com.synplyworks.thenmore

If you like the app, consider a donation to support development :beer: 
 
[![Donate][pp-donate-image]][pp-donate-link]

[pp-donate-link]: https://paypal.me/lvanderree
[pp-donate-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg
